Document how to troubleshoot Defend's self-healing feature on Windows (#6361)
elastic/security-docs: docs/serverless/troubleshooting/troubleshoot-endpoints.asciidoc

If the command output doesn't contain a message about enabling Full Disk Access, the approval was successful.
=====

[discrete]
[[disable-self-healing]]
.Disable {elastic-defend}'s self-healing feature on Windows
[%collapsible]
====

> {elastic-defend}'s self-healing feature rolls back recent file system changes when a prevention alert is triggered. This feature uses the Windows Volume Snapshot Service. Although it's uncommon for this to cause issues, you can turn off this {elastic-defend} feature if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{elastic-defend}'s self-healing feature rolls back recent file system and registry changes when a prevention alert is triggered. This feature uses the Windows Volume Snapshot Service. Although it's uncommon for this to cause issues, you can turn off this {elastic-defend} feature if needed.
```

Should we also list known compatibility issues, such as [DFS Replication](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/storage/dfs-replication/dfsr-overview) and Veeam Backup & Replication?  This repo is public so I can't include put private links here.

Author: Hi @gabriellandau, I'm not very familiar with these compatibility issues (I've only recently taken over these docs and feature area) – could you provide some suggested wording you'd like to see included? 🙏

Reviewer: Some users have reported compatibility issues between {elastic-defend}'s self-healing feature and filesystem replication features including [DFS Replication](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/storage/dfs-replication/dfsr-overview) and Veeam Replication.  This may manifest as DFSR Event ID 1102:

> The DFS Replication service has temporarily stopped replication because another application is performing a backup or restore operation. Replication will resume after the backup or restore operation has finished."

There are no known workarounds for this issue other than to disable self-healing.

Author: Thanks @gabriellandau – I've added this in [ecb79a3](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/6361/commits/ecb79a30ac358b1f19408c7af33a44cdf40bd1c3).

If issues occur and the self-healing feature is enabled, you can turn it off by setting `windows.advanced.alerts.rollback.self_healing.enabled` to `false` in the integration policy advanced settings. Refer to <<security-self-healing-rollback>> for more information.

{elastic-defend} may also use the Volume Snapshot Service to ensure the feature works properly even when it's turned off. To opt out of this, set `windows.advanced.diagnostic.rollback_telemetry_enabled` to `false` in the same settings.

[discrete]
[[self-healing-compatibility-issues]]
=== Known compatibility issues

There are some known compatibility issues between {elastic-defend}'s self-healing feature and filesystem replication features, including https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/storage/dfs-replication/dfsr-overview[DFS Replication] and Veeam Replication. This may manifest as `DFSR Event ID 1102`:

`The DFS Replication service has temporarily stopped replication because another application is performing a backup or restore operation. Replication will resume after the backup or restore operation has finished.`

> There are no known workarounds for this issue other than to disable the self-healing feature.

Reviewer 2: Minor nit here, since you used "turn off" earlier in this section. 

```suggestion
There are no known workarounds for this issue other than to turn off the self-healing feature.
```
